JP-3233: Changing Associations for FXD_SLIT (#7795)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

- Use isinstance instead of comparison with a type for lamp_mode inspection [#7801]

associations
------------

> - Changes the way associations are create for field  ``FXD_SLIT``.  Assocations
>   for this field will now include values for both ``S200A1`` and ``S200A2``,
>   instead of separating them. [#7795]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the Level 3 rules for NIRSpec fixed-slit observations so that sets of
  exposures using ``FXD_SLIT=S200A1`` and ``S200A2`` will be placed into
  the same ASN.  [#7795]
```
